what's going on guys cartoons here and
we all know what time it is it's time to
open up a box what box you say this is
actually gonna be May's 1up box that's
right this little green bastard right
here showed up in the mail yesterday and
I'm not gonna get behind this time I'm
gonna get on this quick fast and in
a hurry and we're gonna see what's
inside all right right on top of the box
we got a beemo plushy from adventure
time didn't he just adorable you know he
really likes it when you when you play
with his buttons yeah BMO I got this
high score all right next up we got what
looks like another one of those little
cloth backpacks and there we have it
it's colored like r2d2 it says beep boop
on it and it's got the Millennium Falcon
and we've got we've got some x-wing
fighters here we have someone with a
lightsaber they're pretty sick actually
pretty sick next up we got a 100 bucks
exclusive dog tag it's a Robin and we
can see that this month's theme is
sidekick there you have it the green dog
tag with Robin all up on that biatch all
right we also got a Jack of Hearts
sticker decal
it's another sidekick from adventure
time pretty cute and you can see I don't
know if you can tell that's a sticker
are you sticking on all right we
also got I love my sidekick one of those
little rubber band bracelets today I
love love my sidekick what what is the
deal with these I mean they've been out
forever for years and years but I never
understood the height it's a damn rubber
cheap bracelet and people just people go
apeshit over this people wear these all
the time I see people with them on it's
like I just don't get it
no and last up what would a box be
without a t-shirt boom there's a UH
there's actually a lot of going on
this picture looks like Yoshi and beemo
giving each other a fist bump while
wearing tron outfits
those are good explanation what we just
saw
all right well for those of you with
short attention spans and bad memories
or all of the above let's go back over
what we got we had this Yoshi and BMO's
shirt here we have this love my sidekick
little
rubber band bracelet we had this Robin
dog tag we had this BMO plushie we had
this Jack of Hearts Adventure Time
sticker and we also had this beat vote
Star Wars cloth duffel bag boy you know
one of ox never fails to come through
with some awesome stuff and it just
never disappoints and to be one of the
cheaper box services you can get every
month this is this is one I would
definitely recommend getting especially
if you're on a budget or you know you
don't want to spend too much money on
some of us cuz some of these are like
$50 a month this one is like either ten
or twelve dollars a month or something I
mean it's super cheap just follow the
link in description below you can find
out more details about it if you want it
but you know like every month and all
these boxes like it I just really love
favorite thanks for stopping by and
thanks for tuning in guys I hope you
still like these unboxing videos and I
know plug in enough and I don't actually
say it a lot but if you haven't
subscribed to my channel if you watch my
content and you like it the games and
the unboxings and all that just
click the subscribe button it's free
doesn't cost you anything and it lets me
know that I'm doing a good job leave it
like if you do